- Looking good.
- Don't lie to me.
I'm not, you all right?
Hell no.
Hear anything?
Could we not?
I just miss you.
We all do.
Just cut the bullshit
and tell me what I want to hear.
Do I have a court date yet?
- I'm working on it.
- Shit.
This fucking lawyer's
taking too goddamn long.
What about that other thing?
I took out the garbage.
- Yeah?
- Yeah, it's done.
It's about time.
Oh, and we're still planning
that big dinner.
- How big?
- Big.
In fact,
we're gonna need to go out
and get some more meat.
- Yeah?
- Yes, and this is growing
a little bigger than we thought.
That a problem?
Not for me.
More just means more.
Now, you sure you going
to have everything ready
when the guests arrive?
I'm sure.
These guests don't like waiting.
I got this, Pop.
- Do you?
- I do.
You're sure you can handle this?
Yeah.
All right then.
All right.
Claire, you want
to give that a try?
What took you so long, my man?
Oh.
Clinton's Colonel Lee Gunner
is back from Afghanistan
after a long year away.
Here, the President awarded Lee
the Medal of Honor
for his bravery,
above and beyond
the call of duty.
Hey, are you that guy
on the television?
Welcome home, Lee.
Hold on... I can handle them.
We don't need trouble.
This town's changed a lot.
You've been gone a long time.
Come on now, fellas,
you'll scare away my patrons.
I'm in need
of the coldest beer you got.
First round's on the house.
Where's Dave, huh?
Not here, man.
When's he coming in?
He's not.
He owes me money.
Really? For what?
Who the hell are you?
Nobody.
I think I'll just wait around
until Dave gets here.
He won't be here.
Why the hell not?
'Cause he's dead.
Is he now?
What happened to him?
Why you eyeballing me?
'Cause I don't like you.
Get out.
I'm not done with my beer.
Oops.
Yes, you are.
Very impressive, man.
I got your edge.
I mean, that's some
Special Forces kung fu shit.
I'll catch you later, man,
let's go.
Come on, let's go.
So much for helping out
with the family business.
Can I still come by later?
I need to see the boys.
Look, Lee, I understand what
you're trying to do, but...
Obviously we have
to close early.
I'll come by at 7:00, okay?
Lee.
Can we talk to you for a minute?
The way I hear it,
you messed up
those bikers really bad.
They gonna be looking
to settle the score.
Come on, Bob.
We don't need no more trouble
in this town...
you understand?
Hey, he asked you a question.
Goddammit, Wally,
did I ask for your input?
- No, sir.
- Sorry, Lee.
You understand
what I'm asking of you,
as a friend?
Yeah, yeah I understand, Bob.
Okay. Goodnight.
Good to see you, Bob.
Let's go, come on.
That's it?
Yeah, let's go.
So, I was thinking...
I'd like to take you guys
camping tomorrow.
What?
You don't like camping?
Yeah, when I was, like, six.
Why can't you just act
like any normal absent father
and give us a PS5, or cash?
Something we might enjoy.
Isn't that right, bud?
Well, I for one actually do
want to go camping.
You couldn't have
mentioned this to me first?
Just a thought I had.
May I be excused?
Why?
I'm going to Hailey's.
Are her parents home?
Yes, and they know I'm coming.
Who's Hailey?
His girlfriend.
He has a girlfriend?
Yeah, he's 16.
Can we really
go camping tomorrow?
I called your Uncle Jon,
he said he'd come with us.
What you got there, partner?
Your Medal of Honor.
You said I could
keep it safe for you
while you were gone.
Looks like you're taking
real good care of it.
What'd you do to get it?
Just did my job.
That's all anyone can do.
Well, what's my job?
Start with your homework.
That would be nice.
Okay.
Since you're back.
I feel like a stranger.
That's what you are.
Fair enough.
I'm still their father though.
They don't know you,
'cause you were never here.
I tried, I tried.
I did my best.
I told you if you reenlisted
one more time,
I'd divorce you.
It's who I am.
You knew that
from the beginning.
We heard nothing from you
for a year.
We thought you were dead.
I'm making up lies for the boys.
Who does that to their family?
What about what I said,
about taking them camping?
Yeah, right.
I'm serious,
I have all the gear.
Let me take 'em.
I know you been through a lot.
And there's nothing
I can say except I'm sorry.
So let me take the boys
for a few days.
Get to know each other.
I can see you trying, Lee.
If you hadn't come and
straightened out things at the bar,
I wouldn't be able
to pay next month's rent.
I'm telling you,
there's so much more
that I can do
for you and the boys.
We lost a child.
Do you really think
you can make up for that?
No.
No, that's not
what I'm thinking.
What were you thinking?
I was thinking I'd just like
to take the boys camping.
Morning, Jon.
Jesus, Lee,
it's the crack of dawn.
Any bites?
Buddy, I've known you
too many years
to make up a fish story now.
You see any fish?
Better get a move on,
we hit that ridgeline
before dark.
Let me get my shit.
Drop off those toys?
Yes, sir.
I dropped off the four-wheelers
at the meeting spot,
all packed and ready.
But, hey, Lee,
looks like that private
security firm of yours
is paying you
some pretty big bucks.
Maybe you get me a job?
Ha! Maybe.
- Dad!
- Hey.
Travis didn't
come home last night.
He's probably
still at his girlfriend's.
It's down the street.
Listen, why don't you go
with your Uncle Jon?
You want to start up the trail?
I'll grab Travis and meet you
at the fork in the river.
It's four hours to the fork,
how are you gonna get there?
Never mind. Come on, Luke.
Bye, Mom.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey, I need Travis.
Yeah, I'm Hailey's father.
That's great.
I still need Travis.
- Right now?
- Yeah, can you go get him?
No, he's asleep.
Well, wake him up.
I'm not intruding
on their privacy.
- Their privacy?
- Right.
You can't come
barging into my house
without an invitation!
Travis?
Get up!
I'm not going, I'm sick.
You're going.
Get out of bed, come on.
Mom? Dad?
Let's go. Really?
My wife's already called
the sheriff's department.
Good, you can explain to them
why you let underage kids
drink, take drugs,
and sleep together.
Drugs?
We said they could have
just a few beers, that's all.
Hailey?
Call the cops back
and tell them it was a mistake.
What kind of parents let a boy
spend the night
with their daughter?
It's called a sleepover.
A sleepover?
Okay, that's what you call it.
You know what,
it's that kind of attitude
is why your Travis is here
and doesn't want to go with you.
Yeah, I'm sure he'd rather
stay here all night
and have sex with your daughter.
Your Uncle Jon's
gonna meet us at the fork.
So, how are we gonna get there?
Wait, you're serious?
No, no, I'm not jumping.
Anytime, Lee.
Three, two... one!
Nice job.
Dude, that was so cool!
I mean, out of the sky?
What are these?
I said camping,
I didn't say horseback, did I?
- Everyone gets one?
- Yeah.
Uh, that one's mine,
take one of the other ones.
Not bad, huh?
What do you do
for work now, Dad?
He supplies armies
for rich people.
I run a security firm.
Were you in, like, every war?
He was in pretty much every one
in the last quarter century.
What'd you do
to get your Medal of Honor?
Did you have to kill people?
You don't get the Medal of Honor
if you don't kill people.
Yeah, you do.
You get the Medal of Honor
for saving lives at war
and putting your life in danger
while you're doing it.
It wasn't a war.
None of them were.
Only Congress can declare war.
Well, tell that to the men
and women who died there.
Yeah, men and women
who shouldn't have been there
in the first place.
9/11?
We were attacked?
Were we?
You seem pretty pissed for a kid
who barely remembers 9/11.
Barely remembers it.
My whole life
has been about 9/11.
Hey, we joined because
it was the right thing to do,
- to protect our families.
- Yeah.
Just like a lot
of other Americans,
and I'd do it again, too, even...
Uh-huh.
- Goodnight, Dad.
- Goodnight.
It's not your fault, about Dave.
Yeah, I know.
Boys screw up, Lee,
you gotta give him time.
I know.
It's what I'm here for.
Why don't you just tell
Claire and the boys
what really happened to you?
The last thing
they need from me is whining.
Might help 'em understand.
Maybe they wouldn't
be quite so mad at you.
Yeah.
Not gonna bring Dave back.
No, it wouldn't.
Why don't you let me tell 'em?
No.
Lee, you are a hard case.
- Dad?
- Yeah?
You awake?
Just.
You all right?
I heard something in the woods.
Just an owl, I think.
How do you know it's not a bear?
Or a serial killer?
'Cause my spidey sense
would be tingling.
Even for a serial killer?
Yeah.
Dad?
Why didn't you come home
when Dave was sick and died?
- I couldn't.
- Why?
I think that's why
Travis is mad at you.
Do they hurt?
Not anymore.
I get it,
you were on
a top secret mission,
and you didn't want
to talk about it.
Goodnight, Dad.
Goodnight.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Beautiful, huh?
What's that smell?
- You smell that?
- Yeah.
Smells like...
Yeah, I know.
Never seen this creek this dry.
Hm.
Hey, you two stay back.
You hear that?
Is that bees?
You know I hate bees.
- Buzz.
- Stop!
Stop, you're not funny, stop!
Knock it off.
Is it bees?
No.
Then what is it?
Just a bunch of flies
on a dead animal.
Can I see?
Just stay there.
What kind of animal is it?
Why can't I see a dead animal?
Because it will give you
a nightmare.
No, it won't.
Think somebody's
been siphoning the water
from the creek.
Get the others here.
Holy shit.
We're in the middle
of a drug lab.
We need to get out of here.
Ah, Jon.
Jon.
Travis!
Bring me the med kit!
Bring me a weapon!
Travis! Weapon!
Ah, hang in there, Jon.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ah, here it is.
I need you to ride down,
I need you to get...
Get some help, okay?
- By myself?
- No, take your brother, okay?
And listen,
when you get cell service,
call the sheriff
and you tell him
what happened here, okay?
Tell him to bring a helicopter
and a trauma team, all right?
Screenshot your GPS location.
It shows exactly where we are.
- Somebody's coming. Help!
- Shh! Shh!
Shh, they're coming for us.
I need you to be strong.
I need you to go right now.
Now go.
Let's go.
Ah, yeah,
you're a tough bastard.
There you go, there you go.
There.
Stay alive, okay?
I'll give you some morphine.
It's okay.
Did my cock get blown off?
I'm not going to inspect it.
- I'm pretty sure.
- You sure?
I'm cold.
Damn it.
Prop me up, brother.
- I can slow 'em down.
- Stay alive, okay?
I'm on my way, get out of here.
I'm not gonna leave you, Jon.
The boys need you.
They already lost their brother.
Get your ass out of here!
Jon!
I think I see some people.
Can you help us?
Our uncle is hurt real bad!
Are those hunters?
Those aren't hunters.
Drop the gun!
Slowly.
On the ground!
I said, "Get on the ground!"
Ow!
I'm impressed,
Mr. Gunner.
I have your boys.
Looks like I'm down to...
12 men.
Yell to your father.
Tom.
Let's try this again.
Yell to your father now.
Dad...
Dad!
Drop your weapons,
Mr. Gunner...
and I won't hurt 'em.
I just want to finish packing
up the rest of my shipment
and move it out.
That's all.
I will let them and you go.
Have your word on that?
Yes.
You have my word.
I just want to pack it up
and move it out.
Don't you need to ask the boss?
I'm the boss.
They call me Dobbs.
Okay, Dobbs.
You listen to me.
I'm telling you if you hurt
one hair on their head,
small scratch, whatever...
I know, I know, I know.
I'll die a very painful,
excruciating,
yada, yada, yada... listen, man.
I have no reason
to harm a child.
What? You think
I'm some kind of monster?
I am sensitive to their feelings
and yours.
I will make sure
they get gluten-free
peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches and fruit juice.
Just do what I say.
Nobody gets hurt.
No, no.
Have you noticed how
Mr. Eye of the Storm out there
has easily fucked up or killed
all my badass crew?
Look at me.
Don't be an idiot.
I see the thought process
is above your pay grade.
So, listen,
the boys have to be alive
so we can deal
with Mr. War Hero.
Do you understand?
Now go.
Go!
I'm losing my patience,
Mr. Gunner.
Fuck.
This is the DEA.
Drop your weapons.
Drop your weapon
and lay down on the ground now.
DEA!
Hands in the air!
No, no, no.
We said, "Put your hands up!"
No, no.
They have my sons! Wait!
Get on the ground!
On the ground!
They have my sons!
Slowly put down the gun.
Put your hands up,
you're surrounded!
Bravo two to Delta one,
we have the area secure.
The suspect is apprehended.
No sudden movements!
Uh, they have my sons!
Shut up!
What?
I said, "Shut up!"
He wounded
a dozen federal agents,
three of which
are in the hospital
fighting for their lives.
If they weren't wearing
their vests, they'd be dead.
How about a little perspective?
He's camping with his kids,
stepped into a drug lab.
I don't know why
we're having this conversation.
This is a federal investigation.
You have no jurisdiction here
whatsoever.
You're in my town
and a guest in my office,
and I will exercise my judgment
any way I see fit.
They have my boys, Bob.
What are you talking about?
I sent Luke and Travis
to get help.
Somebody grabbed them.
Who are these guys?
Shit.
- Why am I locked up?
- How about the attempted murder
of a dozen federal agents?
I didn't know
they were federal agents.
There was smoke everywhere.
Men with guns were attacking me.
Listen, let me out of here,
I need to get my boys.
The only place you're going
is a federal detention center.
Hey, Bob.
Fuck!
You're not listening
to me, G-man.
I just saw my brother-in-law
get blown up in front of me.
Then some assholes took my kids.
For God sakes, Lee...
Please.
Did my idiot lawyer
get a court date yet?
He's getting there.
What? By ox cart?
It's taking forever.
Says it's complicated.
Yeah.
At a thousand an hour,
he loves complicated.
I'm in his ass every day, Pop.
Well, use your spurs.
Always.
Got an alternate plan
to get you out
if our lawyer fails.
Anything else?
In a bit of a hitch.
What?
Unforeseen.
I... I don't like surprises.
No, and you won't like this one.
A party crasher.
You... you're gonna
have to explain that to me.
Party crasher
took the food off the table.
All of it?
A fairly
substantial amount, yeah.
Jesus Christ.
How the fuck did you let
a thing like that happen?
I don't know.
Out of the blue.
So what are you doing about it?
I did it already.
You'll get it back?
I will get it back.
How?
I have something he wants.
I'm liking this less and less.
It's the only way, believe me.
He will trade.
It's just a matter of logistics.
Never leave anything to chance.
How fucking many times...
I haven't.
That's why I did what I did.
He will return all the food
to the table.
He will have no choice.
You don't know that.
In this case, I do.
Well, in this case...
In any case,
our guests will expect
to have all of the food
on the table for dinner.
I'm on it.
You say that easy enough.
That's because I know.
I know what I have.
Unless, of course, you run
into another unforeseen hitch.
Huh?
The party will come off
as scheduled.
Trust me.
You listen to me on this.
You see to it.
All of it.
On time.
Understood?
Look me in the eye, boy.
Do you understand?
I understand.
Or do I have to replace you
with another chef?
No.
No, you don't.
You're sure?
I got this.
Jon survived three tours of duty
and a year in the hospital,
only to be killed
in our own backyard?
Let me call you back.
Jail, Bob?
It's not my call.
Yeah, actually,
I'm in charge now, ma'am.
Where are my sons?
We have two
kidnapping specialists
flying in right now.
It's a very sensitive operation.
Come on.
Bring them back to me, Lee.
I don't care what you do
or who you do it to...
just bring them back.
It's them.
Mr. Gunner?
Yeah.
Our little rendezvous
went south.
- Where are they?
- If you do not do
exactly as I say,
my associates, who are not
as empathetic as I am,
and against my wishes,
will do terrible things
to your boys.
If anything happens
to those boys,
I will hunt you down,
I will find you,
and I will inflict
more pain on you
than you can possibly imagine.
Oh, you're scaring me.
I appreciate the fatherly
thing, I really do.
Unfortunately,
the federal agents
have confiscated my product.
But I noticed that you're
an excessively resourceful man.
You have 24 hours
to get it back to me.
If I do not have it
by this time tomorrow,
my associates will send
your sons' heads
to their mother in a box.
So, just let me
get this straight.
You want us to give them
their fentanyl back?
Just give 'em what they want.
All right,
when they return the boys,
I make it my mission to hunt
each and every one of them down.
You think you're a one-man army?
Do you believe this guy?
Well, so far,
it's Lee: 16 bad guys down.
Bad guys: one.
That's MVP trophy if you ask me.
We're not giving them
their fentanyl back.
I'm sorry, Lee.
Nothing I can do,
it's a federal operation.
Unlock the cell door, Bob.
I know what you're thinking,
I'd be thinking the same thing
if I were you.
But it took a five-ton truck
to haul those drugs out of there
and you'll never get it
out of federal custody.
What would you do?
Huh?
Your boys.
Did you get a print analysis
from the lab?
Well, how about you two
go over there
and kick some ass?
The men you're looking for
work for Kendrick Ryker.
He's in the state prison,
but I think
he's still calling the shots
through his son, Dobbs.
There's this biker gang
that works for him
out of Williamsburg.
There's a lot of money
in that drug.
People are afraid
to go in the parks
or the national forest anymore.
The biker gang there
out of Chinatown,
they traffic and transport
all over the South.
They hired a guy
named Billy Scott.
He's got trucks they use
to haul the stuff off.
I know Billy hangs out
at the Red Tail strip club.
Pickup is out back.
You're a good man, Bob.
Just go get 'em.
One of you guys is Billy Scott?
Who's asking?
I just want to have
a couple words with you,
that's all.
Two nights ago, you're in a bar
with three guys
and one of 'em
gave you some money.
You got me mixed up
with somebody else, asshole.
Bullshit! Where are they?
I don't know. I don't!
- Just give me a name.
- I swear to God.
Give me a name!
We didn't do names.
Well...
Who's your daddy now?
Let's try this again.
One of those guys
gave you a roll of cash.
What'd he pay you for?
I can't tell you that.
- They'll kill me.
- Yeah?
They might.
But I'll kill you
right fucking now.
Okay. Okay, just hold on.
I hauled some supplies for 'em
a couple of months ago.
And they're just paying you now?
I... I rented an old factory
for 'em a couple of days ago
and got some workers for 'em.
To do what?
- To do what?
- To process and pack their fen.
Where's the factory?
I can't tell you that,
they'll kill me.
God damn it!
What is wrong with you, man?
That burns!
You lucky son of a bitch.
Rock salt.
You got anger issues, man!
You need to take some tablets
or something.
Okay. Okay, okay.
It's an old ironworks factory.
- Where is it?
- Five miles off a dirt road,
off of Confederate.
They're gonna want
to fucking kill you.
Well, they can stand
in a very long line.
Ow, man, that burns.
Man, that was my good leg.
Well, we always knew when
one of our labs were found.
We have more than enough
for our buyers
and we're still on schedule.
'Cause I needed him to see
that I saved the day.
That's very astute of you.
Call in the vans.
Move everything to our back-up.
Follow the plan.
Not a chance in Hell.
But he'll fuck with the DEA
long enough
for us to finish our packaging
and get our shipment out.
Let's play a little game.
Cell phones, gentlemen.
Unlock it.
Still texting that skank?
Outcall, massage therapist.
Again.
Unlock it.
Hawaiian pizza.
Extra bacon and a roadie.
Three times yesterday.
My bad.
My bad. I was wrong.
Nobody in my crew.
Bob?
Did you find him?
It's me.
Yes.
I'll call you
when I have the boys.
No. No, what are you doing?
Don't touch him!
No, don't touch him!
Luke! Luke! Luke!
Luke!
Put down the gun slowly.
No, hey, it's me, it's okay.
You all right?
Did they hurt you?
They took Luke.
Agh.
Come on.
They say where they were going?
I don't know,
but we gotta save him.
Now, you listen to me, okay?
You know what
these guys are, right?
You put your hands up
and you walk toward 'em.
What are you gonna do?
They'll keep you safe,
don't worry about me.
I gotta find Luke, okay?
On the ground!
Hands in the air!
Go.
- Walk toward 'em.
- Hands in the air, now!
Don't hurt my boy.
He's unarmed.
Take off your shirt.
I need to see
that you're unarmed.
Do it.
Come on, kid.
Down, down, get down.
Go.
Hey. Hey!
Hey. Stop!
Stop!
They killed our man Kang!
Time to eat.
I'm not hungry.
You can't let
your blood sugar drop
under all this stress.
You're still in
your growing years.
See?
Tell me about your father.
What about him?
He's some kind of
war hero, right?
He won a Medal of Honor.
Really?
For what?
My brother says for killing
a bunch of asshole bad guys
like you.
That's what your brother says?
Look at the mouth on you.
I killed a lot of guys,
ain't nobody
ever gave me no medal.
My dad did it
to protect America.
You're some criminal
that does it for money.
How old are you?
Ten.
I remember when I was ten.
I bet you want to grow up
to be like him too, huh?
Yeah. I do.
Be careful.
Anyone follow you?
No. I cut through the woods
like you said.
I need you to look up
everything you can
about a convict named Ryker.
I wish I had
a map of the prison.
Yeah. Map? Got it.
They gave me the number for
a Ranger I served with, Sean.
He lives outside
of Springfield city.
You tell him exactly
what I told you, okay?
You're really trusting me
with a lot.
Shouldn't I?
What?
I guess I'm just sorry
about all the attitude
I've been throwing at you.
Forget it.
I just resent
the way you cut Dave off.
- Okay.
- I don't get it.
He thought
you'd lost faith in him.
I never lost faith in him.
The very thought of him
and you boys kept me alive.
What happened?
Were you on a mission?
You went missing for a year.
We thought you were dead.
He loved you so much.
He wanted to be just like you.
Only he couldn't.
He went to Afghanistan
and he got blown up in a Jeep
his first week.
Then the doctor gave him
those painkillers, and...
he got hooked.
So after the doc cut him off,
he got some fen illegally.
The dose killed him.
We're almost over the drop site.
Get ready.
I'm sorry you've had
to grow up so fast.
Your girlfriend seems nice.
She is.
You need to respect her
a little more, yeah?
Yes, sir.
Good luck, Lee.
All prisoners get down
on the ground.
This is a lockdown.
Lie face-down on your stomach
with your hands open
and above your head.
Come on. Let's roll.
Get down on the ground
or you will be shot.
Get down on the ground.
Any resistance will put you
in solitary confinement.
I repeat: All prisoners
get down on the ground.
This is a lockdown.
Lie face-down on your stomach
with your hands open
and above your head.
Where do you think you're goin'?
I have a message for Ryker.
I don't think so.
Ooh.
Boy, you sure know
how to make an entrance.
That was very exciting.
Never knew of a man who
wanted to break into prison.
All right, all right.
Obviously, he can kick your ass.
Lay off.
I'm curious to know
what the man wants.
Your son sent me to get you out.
My son sent you.
That's right.
To get me out.
That's what I said.
So... how you gonna do that?
I'm gonna walk you out,
straight through
the fuckin' fence.
Wow.
Can't say I'm not intrigued.
Come on, get out!
Lee Gunner just broke out
Kendrick Ryker
from Jackson State Prison.
That doesn't surprise me.
It's the father.
Of the man who took
Lee Gunner's sons.
Who the hell is Gunner?
He's a goddamned Green Beret.
Booyah!
I spent five years putting
Kendrick Ryker behind bars.
He killed two federal agents,
both friends of mine.
And your Green Beret just put
a psychopath drug lord murderer
back on the streets!
To save his ten-year-old boy.
Now, I know my son
wouldn't want you
to handle it this way.
Probably not.
He doesn't know, does he?
Get in.
Just like that.
You wanna get pinched?
I want you to show
some fuckin' respect.
You gotta earn
your fuckin' respect.
- Put this on.
- Oh, no, knock it off.
The fuck am I gonna do? Run?
After you.
You intact?
So far.
It's damn good
to see you, brother.
Thanks for your help.
You kiddin' me?
I owe you.
Man, we all do.
What's he talking about?
Nothin'.
Your dad
took out an entire
Al-Qaeda command,
singlehanded.
Saved our squad.
Got captured in the process.
How long were you held?
Year.
You escaped, didn't you?
Main roads all have roadblocks,
but there's an old service road
that nobody uses anymore.
It'll take us back
to the highway.
You'll change your clothes
in the Jeep.
I don't like
the way this is going.
Get dressed.
I'll text you where we're going.
You need to bring
the DEA there, okay?
- You need me.
- Yeah. I do.
I need you to do this.
So where do you want me?
Sean, you've done enough,
all right?
Aw, brother, it ain't enough
until I help you get Luke back.
I appreciate the offer,
I really do.
Man, I can still shoot, okay?
Not as good as before,
but you're kinda
shorthanded out here.
There's gonna be a lot
of people looking for us.
It would do me a bigger favor
if you could
throw 'em off our tracks.
I guess I can do that.
- Next time.
- Be safe.
Let's go, kid.
Hey.
Who's Luke?
And what is all this bullshit
about my son sending you?
Your son took my son.
You mean he kidnapped him?
Yeah. Stupid thing to do.
So, you're planning
to trade me for him.
Correct.
What makes you think
he'll trade?
You're his father.
You don't know him very well.
I don't know your son at all,
but I know
that if he hurts my boy,
then I'm gonna fuckin' kill him.
And I'll kill you,
kill everyone you know.
Oh!
That's a lot of killing
for one man.
Yeah?
I'm with the man
whose son you have.
Dad?
Um, don't worry,
I got your back.
Can you get away from him?
Get away from him?
Hell, I'm about to hire him.
Turn over
the family business to him.
Shit.
You ain't worth nothin'.
He got me out of prison
without calling
one fuckin' lawyer.
- What are you doing?
- I'm doing business.
- You got played.
- Everything is on track
and going as planned,
even as we speak.
Oh!
Is me being held hostage
part of your plan?
- No.
- Listen.
This guy is not fighting
for God and country anymore.
He's fighting for family.
Guy like that
is not afraid to die.
Makes him very dangerous.
Yeah, well,
I'm pretty dangerous myself.
Well, you better talk to him.
He wants to make a deal.
Your father for Luke.
Straight trade.
Listen.
Hey, now, well played, Colonel.
Where's my product?
Listen.
I have your father.
You want him alive
or you want him dead?
You seem to have me
at a disadvantage now.
'Cause I want him.
Where?
Abandoned furnace.
Fifty miles
south of Springfield.
The old man knows the location.
And please, um...
be gentle to dear old Dad.
I like this guy!
Your pops is
a very smart soldier.
Too bad I'm gonna have
to kill him.
Just came in from BOLO.
- Sighting a Lee Gunner.
- Where?
A farm just outside
of Crescent City.
It's owned by a Sean Keller.
Keller and Gunner served
in Afghanistan together.
What are you waiting for?
Which way now?
Keep going.
It's a few miles.
And then what?
Then I'll tell you what.
Prefer you just told me now.
Tell me this.
What kind of a father are you?
Not a very good one.
Honest man.
Has to be that way, too.
I mean, what kind of a father
lets his son get kidnapped?
What kind of father
lets his boy be
a drug dealer
and a kidnapper, hm?
I raised my boy
to be resourceful.
I didn't.
But mine just
turned out that way.
Uh-huh.
What's up ahead?
You'll come to a fork.
You take a left.
You know, if this is an ambush,
I'm gonna have to put
a bullet in your head.
Aww, don't be that way.
We both want this
to go right, don't we?
Personally, I don't give a shit
what you want.
I don't see why
this couldn't be friendlier.
Oh, I see a few reasons why.
We got stuff in common.
Yeah, like what?
Fatherhood.
Yeah, raising a boy
is hard work.
Right?
Yeah, I wouldn't know.
Especially when you're busy
being a soldier boy, right?
Yeah.
Or a drug lord
piece of shit, huh?
You use that kind of language
with your boys, do ya?
Man, we're not so different.
You keep tellin' yourself that.
It's a goddamn wild goose chase.
Sheriff found
their processing plant.
Where?
The old ironworks,
south of Clinton.
Witnesses saw two trucks
surrounded by bikers
headed there now.
So, why did my son
take your son?
You... you take something
from him, hm?
No.
No, we were just camping.
We accidentally tripped over
his lab.
I guess I should say your lab.
Hm, hm.
Just bad luck.
Nobody goes near the lab.
Yeah.
Well, thing is sucking up all
the water out of the stream,
killing the forest
and the animals.
Cost of doing business.
Business, huh?
So, you just walked a boy
right into it, huh?
Your son took my boys.
Killed my friend Jon.
Jon served his country
faithfully,
lost half his leg doing it.
He didn't deserve to die
the way he did.
Hm, well...
"deserves" got nothing to do
with business.
You keep using
that word "business", huh?
I guess you mean crime.
Good people fighting and dying
every day in this country,
for this country.
Assholes like you rape it.
There's that language again.
Here's the fork
I told you about.
I'm sorry about your friend.
No, you're not.
Half payment now.
You'll get the rest on delivery.
I'll have it to you in Reno
in a few days.
You gonna hog that?
Now, come on, man,
a little drink.
It's been a while.
Ah.
Excuse me.
Business is boomin'.
Yeah?
Yeah, I'm outside.
Where's my father?
Where's my son?
My father first.
Is there a problem?
Not at all.
I'll see you in Reno, my man.
Hey, Chao, Tung, with me.
Man, what's this
supposed to prove?
Look, it's not your problem
unless your son screws up,
in which case
it becomes your problem.
Mm.
What about him?
He ever screw up?
All the time.
But he's smarter than you think.
Well, he'd have to be.
Just walk and do as I say,
all right?
This is not the way to go
with Dobbs.
Listen, all you have to worry
about is how to go with me.
Come on.
I don't like the bag.
Put Luke on the phone.
Luke, you all right?
Anybody hurt you?
No.
But I'm scared.
Just hold on, all right,
I'll be over soon.
No! Dad, Dad!
Dad!
How 'bout you drop that shotgun?
Eh, I kind of like it
where it is.
Get out of here.
Let's go.
Luke!
Run!
Take him out.
Take him out!
Come on, let's move!
Hey, where you goin', kid?
Dad! Dad!
- Luke!
- Take him out!
Kill him!
He killed my father.
You see him, you kill him.
Dad!
- Fuck!
- Dad! Dad!
Chao, you still remember
how to fly?
- Yeah.
- Come on, kid.
We got minutes, man,
let's fire this puppy up.
- Let's go.
- Yeah.
Hold your fire, hold your fire.
- What's gonna happen to me?
- I don't know.
Maybe we'll go to McDonald's
and get you a Happy Meal.
Shut up.
You speak like that
to my son again,
I'll put a bullet in your brain.
Believe that.
You all right?
Stay down, okay?
Hey, Luke.
Tell your daddy
heroes don't hide.
Fuck.
Shh.
Luke, don't look.
Fuck.
Time to take out the garbage.
No!
Don't!
No, no, no, no, no!
Come on, we gotta get out.
They had to drop
all the charges.
You all right?
Yeah.
I'm banged up,
but, uh, I'm good.
Well, I wanted to pick you up
when they released you.
Appreciate it.
Thanks for all your help, Bob.
Hey.
You want a job
with the sheriff's department?
What am I saying?
The mess you left behind,
I must be crazy.
Just let me think about it.
Be well.
You too.
I'm so sorry.